okay we're going to do the turn in the
road maneuver that means turning the car
around using forward and reverse gears
okay now to do this we're going to use
the pom routine which stands for prepare
observe and then move so to prepare the
carts clutch down palming technique
first gear set the gas with you right
foot and up to the bike with your left
foot now the cars prepared we're going
to observe now so we will do a six-point
sweeping check left blind spot left
mirror Center mirror out the front right
mirror and right blind spot if it's all
safe and break off and moving off very
Jake now pull push all the way to write
lock looking up and down the road a
couple of times to make sure it's safe
now our reference point we're looking
for the mirror to come the curbs can
underneath the mirror on the right hand
side
we're going to prepare observe move to
go backwards so set the gas and find the
bite now we're going to observe
backwards this time so right blind spot
right mirror at the front center mirror
left mirror left blind spot and then
stay looking out the back window pull
push techniques pull fetch ball fetch
all the way around and looking up and
down the road to make sure it's safe and
now looking over our right shoulder
looking for the curb to come into the
corner of our window
which is set the gas find the bite
observe left blind spot left mirror out
the front center mirror right mirror
right blind spot and then handbrake off
taking our time looking up and down
arrows make sure it's still safe and
we're going to pull over on the left so
as we come around Center mirror left
mirror signal left if required come in
nice and close to the curb she gently
coming to a halt keeping our feet still
once we've stopped now we need to secure
the car handbrake neutral cancel the
signal turn in the road complete